README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/moodle-downloader/ohhocacnnfaiphiahofcnfakdcfldbnh">
  <img src="assets/icon512.png" width="128" height="128">
  </a>
<h3 align="center">MoodleDownloader</h3>
<p align="center">A chrome extension for batch downloading Moodle resources.</p>
</p>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/harsilspatel/MoodleDownloader/blob/master/LICENSE.md">
    <img alt="MIT license" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/harsilspatel/moodleDownloader?color=brightgreen" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://img.shields.io/chrome-web-store/rating/ohhocacnnfaiphiahofcnfakdcfldbnh.svg?color=ff69b4">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/chrome-web-store/rating/ohhocacnnfaiphiahofcnfakdcfldbnh.svg?color=ff69b4" alt="Chrome Web Store" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://img.shields.io/chrome-web-store/users/ohhocacnnfaiphiahofcnfakdcfldbnh?color=yellow">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/chrome-web-store/users/ohhocacnnfaiphiahofcnfakdcfldbnh?color=yellow" alt="Chrome Web Store" />
  </a>
</p>

## Installation 💻

Install the latest version of MoodleDownloader from the [Chrome Web Store](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/moodle-downloader/ohhocacnnfaiphiahofcnfakdcfldbnh).

Alternatively, if you prefer installing it manually, the latest archive can be found [here](https://github.com/harsilspatel/MoodleDownloader/releases/latest).


## Why ⁉️
There are dozens of apps/scripts for downloading moodle resources out there, however, none of them are operable by a non-IT student. For instance, an average art student doesn't know (or doesn't even care) how to execute terminal commands to get those moodle files, therefore I decided to create an average-user-friendly tool! Additionally, this is my exercise in both improving my javascript and better understand how google analytics and chrome apis work (mostly the latter!)

## Usage 🛠
1. Login in to your moodle (for example https://moodle.vle.monash.edu)
2. Open the week (section) from where you would like to download the resources from
3. Click on the extension icon and select the resources to be downloaded.
    - Click and drag or use ⌘ key to select multiple options:
4. Hit the `Download` button to get the resources!

## GIFs 🎞
### Without MoodleDownloader 😩
~38 seconds to download 10 files

<img src="screencaptures/withoutMD.gif" width="60%">

### With MoodleDownloader 🤩
~11 seconds to download 21 files

<img src="screencaptures/withMD.gif" width="60%">

<br/>
<br/>

#### Motivation 💡
Realised in the week 11 that I don't have most of the resources 😭

<br/>

#### Credits 👏🏻
Icon made by [kiranshastry](https://www.flaticon.com/authors/kiranshastry) from [flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com)

<br/>

#### License 📑
[MIT](LICENSE.md)


Checkout more awesome projects built by Monash students [here](https://github.com/lorderikir/awesome-monashstudentprojects)

## Contributors ✨

Thanks goes to these wonderful people ([emoji key](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key)):

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<table>
  <tr>
    <td align="center"><a href="http://jonathanyeung.me"><img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/38239969?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Jonathan Yeung</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/harsilspatel/moodle-downloader/commits?author=YeungJonathan" title="Code">💻</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/theya222"><img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/28100101?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Yusuf Ades</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/harsilspatel/moodle-downloader/issues?q=author%3Atheya222" title="Bug reports">🐛</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="http://www.asherlzr.com"><img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/32557572?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Asher Lim</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#ideas-asherLZR" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="http://erikhausen.com"><img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/6204129?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Erik Hausen</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/harsilspatel/moodle-downloader/issues?q=author%3Aehausen" title="Bug reports">🐛</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/LapisLazulis"><img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/42072300?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>LapisLazulis</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/harsilspatel/moodle-downloader/issues?q=author%3ALapisLazulis" title="Bug reports">🐛</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="http://perdrisat.com"><img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/164074?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Simon Perdrisat</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/harsilspatel/moodle-downloader/issues?q=author%3Agagarine" title="Bug reports">🐛</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/ssccc"><img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/32818143?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>ssccc</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/harsilspatel/moodle-downloader/issues?q=author%3Assccc" title="Bug reports">🐛</a></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://mcpower.me"><img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/6015058?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>mcpower</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#ideas-mcpower" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a> <a href="https://github.com/harsilspatel/moodle-downloader/commits?author=mcpower" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="https://github.com/harsilspatel/moodle-downloader/commits?author=mcpower" title="Tests">⚠️</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://angus.ws"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/13267947?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Angus Trau</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/harsilspatel/moodle-downloader/commits?author=angustrau" title="Code">💻</a></td>
  </tr>
</table>

<!-- markdownlint-restore -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!

Commit message:

chore+fix: implement better naming for zip file, make the filtering work

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/moodle-downloader/ohhocacnnfaiphiahofcnfakdcfldbnh">
  <img src="assets/icon512.png" width="128" height="128">
  </a>
<h3 align="center">MoodleDownloader</h3>
<p align="center">A chrome extension for batch downloading Moodle resources.</p>
</p>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/harsilspatel/MoodleDownloader/blob/master/LICENSE.md">
    <img alt="MIT license" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/harsilspatel/moodleDownloader?color=brightgreen" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://img.shields.io/chrome-web-store/rating/ohhocacnnfaiphiahofcnfakdcfldbnh.svg?color=ff69b4">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/chrome-web-store/rating/ohhocacnnfaiphiahofcnfakdcfldbnh.svg?color=ff69b4" alt="Chrome Web Store" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://img.shields.io/chrome-web-store/users/ohhocacnnfaiphiahofcnfakdcfldbnh?color=yellow">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/chrome-web-store/users/ohhocacnnfaiphiahofcnfakdcfldbnh?color=yellow" alt="Chrome Web Store" />
  </a>
</p>

## Context

This is a complete rewrite of the "moodle-downloader" extension. The rewrite aims to make the extension more stable, more performant, more modern and relayablee.

## Installation 💻

Install the latest version of MoodleDownloader from the [Chrome Web Store](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/moodle-downloader/ohhocacnnfaiphiahofcnfakdcfldbnh).

Alternatively, if you prefer installing it manually, the latest archive can be found [here](https://github.com/harsilspatel/MoodleDownloader/releases/latest).

## Why ⁉️

There are dozens of apps/scripts for downloading moodle resources out there, however, none of them are operable by a non-IT student. For instance, an average art student doesn't know (or doesn't even care) how to execute terminal commands to get those moodle files, therefore I decided to create an average-user-friendly tool! Additionally, this is my exercise in both improving my javascript and better understand how google analytics and chrome apis work (mostly the latter!)

## Usage 🛠

1. Login in to your moodle (for example https://moodle.vle.monash.edu)
2. Open the week (section) from where you would like to download the resources from
3. Click on the extension icon and select the resources to be downloaded.
   - Click and drag or use ⌘ key to select multiple options:
4. Hit the `Download` button to get the resources!

## GIFs 🎞

### Without MoodleDownloader 😩

~38 seconds to download 10 files

<img src="screencaptures/withoutMD.gif" width="60%">

### With MoodleDownloader 🤩

~11 seconds to download 21 files

<img src="screencaptures/withMD.gif" width="60%">

<br/>
<br/>

#### Motivation 💡

Realised in the week 11 that I don't have most of the resources 😭

<br/>

#### Credits 👏🏻

Icon made by [kiranshastry](https://www.flaticon.com/authors/kiranshastry) from [flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com)

<br/>

#### License 📑

[MIT](LICENSE.md)

Checkout more awesome projects built by Monash students [here](https://github.com/lorderikir/awesome-monashstudentprojects)

## Contributors ✨

Thanks goes to these wonderful people ([emoji key](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key)):

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<table>
  <tr>
    <td align="center"><a href="http://jonathanyeung.me"><img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/38239969?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Jonathan Yeung</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/harsilspatel/moodle-downloader/commits?author=YeungJonathan" title="Code">💻</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/theya222"><img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/28100101?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Yusuf Ades</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/harsilspatel/moodle-downloader/issues?q=author%3Atheya222" title="Bug reports">🐛</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="http://www.asherlzr.com"><img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/32557572?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Asher Lim</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#ideas-asherLZR" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="http://erikhausen.com"><img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/6204129?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Erik Hausen</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/harsilspatel/moodle-downloader/issues?q=author%3Aehausen" title="Bug reports">🐛</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/LapisLazulis"><img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/42072300?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>LapisLazulis</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/harsilspatel/moodle-downloader/issues?q=author%3ALapisLazulis" title="Bug reports">🐛</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="http://perdrisat.com"><img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/164074?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Simon Perdrisat</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/harsilspatel/moodle-downloader/issues?q=author%3Agagarine" title="Bug reports">🐛</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/ssccc"><img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/32818143?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>ssccc</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/harsilspatel/moodle-downloader/issues?q=author%3Assccc" title="Bug reports">🐛</a></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://mcpower.me"><img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/6015058?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>mcpower</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#ideas-mcpower" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a> <a href="https://github.com/harsilspatel/moodle-downloader/commits?author=mcpower" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="https://github.com/harsilspatel/moodle-downloader/commits?author=mcpower" title="Tests">⚠️</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://angus.ws"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/13267947?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Angus Trau</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/harsilspatel/moodle-downloader/commits?author=angustrau" title="Code">💻</a></td>
  </tr>
</table>

<!-- markdownlint-restore -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!
